fix(user-profile): Create user-profiles on updates (#6948)
island-is/island.is: apps/services/user-profile/README.md

## About

A service that is responsible for providing and storing User profile info. With the users National Registration id stores contact info and preferred locale. Additional responsibility is a verification process of email and mobile phone.

> The user-profile table is not prepopulated with everyone in Iceland, therefore due to multiple onboarding-flows the user-profile can be created under a variety of circumstances, you will see the findOrCreateUserProfile method a variety of places in this project's code.

Reviewer: I think it is not necessary to  write in the documentation which functions are used internally.
```suggestion
The user-profile table is not prepopulated with everyone in Iceland, therefore due to multiple onboarding-flows the user-profile can be created under a variety of circumstances. If a user profile is not found in the user-profile table it is created from data from <insert data origin>, and thenceforth used.
```

## Code owners and maintainers

- [Sendiráðið](https://github.com/orgs/island-is/teams/sendiradid/members)

> - [Júní](https://github.com/orgs/island-is/teams/juni/members)

Reviewer: Remember to add Júní to the CODEOWNERS file
